Add links and expand mathmpl docstring (#25221)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/documenting_mpl.rst

Section formatting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For everything but top-level chapters,  use

Author: Personally I would just blanket recommend sentence case as it is highly unlikely this would ever come up!

any plot that is created.  Sphinx-gallery will provide the correct reference
when the documentation is built.

Writing mathematical expressions
--------------------------------

> In most cases, you will likely want to use one of `Sphinx's builtin Math

Reviewer: Somewhat disagree with this.  We don't want to confuse people, and 99.9% of math should be written using the native sphinx extensions so this should be the first sentence.

> In most cases, you will likely want to use one of `Sphinx's builtin Math

Reviewer: I think 99% of people landed on this doc because they want to write our docs and, in this specific subsection, write math in our docs.  _We_ landed here to clarify the difference, but that is not what most people care about, they just want to be told what to do. Agree about table setting in the actual doc that discusses our math extension.

> In most cases, you will likely want to use one of `Sphinx's builtin Math

Author: How about this: calling it "Tools for writing mathematical expressions" sets the tone for this being about different ways to write expressions and when to choose which. Does that make it better?

extensions <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/math.html>`__.

> However, to generate html output in documentation that will correspond to the
> same output generated by Matplotlib, use the `matplotlib.sphinxext.mathmpl`
> Sphinx extension (See also the :doc:`../tutorials/text/mathtext` tutorial.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In rare cases we want the html output to correspond exactly with what will be generated 
in a Matplotlib figure.  In these cases, you can use the `matplotlib.sphinxext.mathmpl`
Sphinx extension (See also the :doc:`../tutorials/text/mathtext` tutorial.)
```

any plot that is created.  Sphinx-gallery will provide the correct reference
when the documentation is built.

Tools for writing mathematical expressions
------------------------------------------

In most cases, you will likely want to use one of `Sphinx's builtin Math
extensions <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/math.html>`__.

> In rare cases we want the rendering of the mathematical text in the documentation html to exactly match with the rendering of the mathematical expression in the Matplotlib figure. In these cases, you can use the

Reviewer 2: Should wrap.
